{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c0;
\csgray\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18600\viewh10780\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Setup Steps HMRC-TEST\
\
1. Download\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}MySQL\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}MySQL Workbench\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Brackets txt editor\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}W2O2 API Manager\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}W2O2 Enterprise Integrator\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
jdk-8\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Eclise\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Homebrew\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}apache-ant\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}gitHub\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
2. Install \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Java 8\
3. Install iODBC framework\
4. Install MySQL ODBC connector\
5. Copy JDBC driver to each product lib and dropins directory\
6. Set Java environment variable\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Create .bash_profile file. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Add line: JAVA_HOME=$(/usr/libexec/java_home)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 7. Create test database schema\
10. Populate an new table for test data\
11. Create database stored procedure which takes an input and returns an output\
12. Create a gitHub workspace\
13. Script database and upload to gitHub\
14. Install homebrew (\cf4 \cb5 \CocoaLigature0 /usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)\'94)\cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \
15. Instal apache-ant (brew install ant)\
16. Extract WSO2 API Manager and Enterprise Integrator zip files to documents folder\
17. \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
change the\'a0value of the\'a0org.owasp.csrfguard.PRNG.Provider\'a0property to \'91IBMJCE' in the\'a0<EI_HOME>/conf/security/Owasp.CsrfGuard.Carbon.properties\'a0file\
18. Turn compression="off" for message broker, Analytics, BPS and ESB Catalina-sever.xml files\
19. Terminal execute: \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 sh/Users/andy/Documents/wso2ei-6.2.0/bin/integrator.sh\
\cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 20. Terminal execute: sh /Users/andy/Documents/wso2am-2.2.0/bin/wso2server.sh\
21. Login to WSO2 Publiisher (https://localhost:9443/publisher/site/pages/login.jag?requestedPage=/publisher/) admin/admin\
22. Login to WSO2 Integrator (https://localhost:9443/carbon/admin/login.jsp) admin/admin\
23. Add new data service\
24. Create query and define input mapping and response\
\
}